<p>I have discovered an unparalleled sense of joy in the world of coding. It's as if my horizons have expanded exponentially, and the computer screen and keyboard now serve as gateways to an alternate dimension teeming with boundless possibilities. The essence of problem-solving and the art of design thinking have always been intrinsic to my approach.</p> <p>Throughout my career, I've honed a goal-oriented mindset. I thrive on researching, conceptualizing, and executing solutions on a daily basis. My prior experiences, particularly in the realm of education, have significantly contributed to shaping my approach. During my time as an educator, I found immense satisfaction in guiding both young minds and seasoned professionals. Each student presented a distinct challenge, compelling me to devise tailored solutions to help them attain their objectives.</p> <p>This deep-rooted methodology reminds me of the world of programming, where a similar approach is essential. Yet, coding allows me to invest more time and energy into what truly ignites my passion: devising innovative solutions, conducting meticulous research, infusing creativity, and substantiating ideas with tangible proof of functionality. I revel in crafting intricate models that stand up to real-world testing, culminating in a finished product that effectively fulfills a specific need.</p> <p>Furthermore, the act of coding itself elicits an exhilaration unlike any other. I find the process of writing code to be more enthralling than even the most captivating games I've encountered. It's a thrilling journey that continues to captivate my imagination and drive my relentless pursuit of mastering the art of coding. I desire nothing more than to be in a position where I could learn more and develop as a developer.</p>

<p><strong>Projects:</strong></p>
<p><strong>1. Fleksja:</strong>
<a href="https://fleksja.onrender.com/">
    <video width="640" height="360" controls>
    <source src="Fleksja.webm>
    </video>